the burden against Nineveh the book of
the burden against Nineveh the book of the vision of Nahum the al kasha god is
the vision of Nahum the al kasha god is
the vision of Nahum the al kasha god is jealous and the Lord avenges the Lord
jealous and the Lord avenges the Lord
jealous and the Lord avenges the Lord avenges and is furious the Lord will
avenges and is furious the Lord will
avenges and is furious the Lord will take vengeance on his adversaries and he
take vengeance on his adversaries and he
take vengeance on his adversaries and he reserves wrath for his enemies the Lord
reserves wrath for his enemies the Lord
reserves wrath for his enemies the Lord is slow to anger and great in power and
is slow to anger and great in power and
is slow to anger and great in power and will not at all acquit the wicked the
will not at all acquit the wicked the
will not at all acquit the wicked the Lord has his way in the whirlwind and in
Lord has his way in the whirlwind and in
Lord has his way in the whirlwind and in the storm and the clouds are the dust of
the storm and the clouds are the dust of
the storm and the clouds are the dust of his feet he rebukes the sea and makes it
his feet he rebukes the sea and makes it
his feet he rebukes the sea and makes it dry and dries up all the rivers Batian
dry and dries up all the rivers Batian
dry and dries up all the rivers Batian and Carmel wither and the flower of
and Carmel wither and the flower of
and Carmel wither and the flower of Lebanon wilts the mountains quake before
Lebanon wilts the mountains quake before
Lebanon wilts the mountains quake before him the hills melt and the earth heaves
him the hills melt and the earth heaves
him the hills melt and the earth heaves at his presence yes the world and all
at his presence yes the world and all
at his presence yes the world and all who dwell in it who can stand before his
who dwell in it who can stand before his
who dwell in it who can stand before his indignation and who can endure the
indignation and who can endure the
indignation and who can endure the fierceness of his anger his fury is
fierceness of his anger his fury is
fierceness of his anger his fury is poured out like fire and the rocks are
poured out like fire and the rocks are
poured out like fire and the rocks are thrown down by him the Lord is good a
thrown down by him the Lord is good a
thrown down by him the Lord is good a stronghold in the day of trouble and he
stronghold in the day of trouble and he
stronghold in the day of trouble and he knows those who trust in him but with an
knows those who trust in him but with an
knows those who trust in him but with an overflowing flood he will make an utter
overflowing flood he will make an utter
overflowing flood he will make an utter end of its place and darkness will
end of its place and darkness will
end of its place and darkness will pursue his enemies what do you conspire
pursue his enemies what do you conspire
pursue his enemies what do you conspire against the Lord he will make an utter
against the Lord he will make an utter
against the Lord he will make an utter end of it affliction will not rise up a
end of it affliction will not rise up a
end of it affliction will not rise up a second time for a while tangled like
second time for a while tangled like
second time for a while tangled like thorns and while drunken like drunkards
thorns and while drunken like drunkards
thorns and while drunken like drunkards they shall be devoured like stubble
they shall be devoured like stubble
they shall be devoured like stubble fully dried from you comes forth one who
fully dried from you comes forth one who
fully dried from you comes forth one who plots evil against the Lord
plots evil against the Lord
plots evil against the Lord a wicked counselor thus says the Lord
a wicked counselor thus says the Lord
a wicked counselor thus says the Lord though they are safe and likewise many
though they are safe and likewise many
though they are safe and likewise many yet in this manner they will be cut down
yet in this manner they will be cut down
yet in this manner they will be cut down when he passes through though I have
when he passes through though I have
when he passes through though I have afflicted you I will afflict you no more
afflicted you I will afflict you no more
afflicted you I will afflict you no more for now I will break off his yoke from
for now I will break off his yoke from
for now I will break off his yoke from you
you
you and burst your bonds apart the Lord has
and burst your bonds apart the Lord has
and burst your bonds apart the Lord has given a command concerning you your name
given a command concerning you your name
given a command concerning you your name shall be perpetuated no longer out of
shall be perpetuated no longer out of
shall be perpetuated no longer out of the house of your gods I will cut off
the house of your gods I will cut off
the house of your gods I will cut off the carved image and the molded image I
the carved image and the molded image I
the carved image and the molded image I will dig your grave for you on vine
will dig your grave for you on vine
will dig your grave for you on vine [Music]
[Music]
[Music] behold on the mountains the feet of him
behold on the mountains the feet of him
behold on the mountains the feet of him who brings good tidings who proclaims
who brings good tidings who proclaims
who brings good tidings who proclaims peace o Judah keep your appointed feasts
peace o Judah keep your appointed feasts
peace o Judah keep your appointed feasts perform your vows for the wicked one
perform your vows for the wicked one
perform your vows for the wicked one shall no more pass through you he is
shall no more pass through you he is
shall no more pass through you he is utterly cut off
utterly cut off
utterly cut off [Music]